this is an introduction to programming a
robot this is a panic LR m86 axis robot
the scope of this program is to command
the robot to pick up a marker and draw a
number 7 our work area includes a robot
pens and an outline of the number
planning is the first phase
repeatability is important so setting up
of the work area is key
a step-by-step program plan will aid
your programming process creating a
program sheet to outline your program is
important
to start the program you need to press
the Select key and the create key the F
this would be under f2 and you can type
in your program name
we'll start with main
press ENTER now you can go into edit and
start editing your program now to start
this program we want to start with a
position register so we'll put a point
in and you arrow up to your point
you get on your point you're selected
press choice and you can pick your
position register after that you'll have
to pick which position register you'd
like to enter we'll start with one that
is our home position now to move the
robot to your next position make sure
your Deadman switch is pulled reset all
faults hold the shift and move your
robot
okay now you want to move your move the
robot to your next position
once you've got to program the robot
program or to the point where you want
it you program that point
you
once you get so far you want to make
sure you're following along with your
program sheet and now that you've got
the program
wrote into the teach pendant like this
we're going to execute the step mode
step mode is going to tell us that
whether or not that we can work in our
parameters that we're in in our work
envelope make sure we're not going to
make sure it works properly before we
kind of this so put the dead man in hit
the shift put the forward button you
know start your program and we'll step
it through one step at a time
that is our first mover coming to the
home position above the pan
put the Ripper's around the fan will
grip it let the pan out of the holder
now we'll bring it over to the sheet of
paper
we'll bring the pen down to the piece of
now we'll make our number seven
lift off the paper
we'll take the pan back over to the
holder
always
there's no
we'll lower the pen in the holder let it
go
and will return to the home position
now that we've tested our program and
see that it actually functions and it
works property that we want working our
work envelope and it does not fault out
we will run the program continuous mode
now I will do this automatically
without pulling any other button
everything does automatic it's ready for
production ready to go online
okay now I'll put the key into the
controller we'll turn it to the auto
mode push the start button that should
be a precision
try to run again
and that'll tell